TELCODOCS-1110: Move LVM Storage documentation to openshift-docs (#55472)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-deleting-cloned-volumes-in-single-node-openshift.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// storage/logical-volume-manager-storage.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="lvms-deleting-cloned-volumes-in-single-node-openshift_{context}"]
= Deleting cloned volumes in {sno}

You can delete cloned volumes.

.Procedure

> * To delete the cloned volume, you can delete the cloned PVC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To delete the cloned volume, delete the cloned PVC by running the following command:
```

> * To delete the cloned volume, delete the cloned PVC by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: This is minor but I don't think you _need_ a bullet here since its just one step for this procedure.
